{"recipe":{"publisher":"101 Cookbooks","ingredients":["Roasted Pumpkin Salad","- A roasted pumpkin salad made with wild rice, tiny, caramelized red onions drizzled with a simple, honey-kissed, creamy sunflower seed dressing.","Raw Tuscan Salad","- A red chile spiked, shredded raw kale salad tossed in a vibrant, lemony-pecorino dressing.","Kale and Olive Oil Mashed Potatoes","- A favorite mashed potato recipe and slight twist on a classic - creamy mashed potatoes flecked with finely chopped greens and garlic. Adding a green like kale, and golden threads of drizzled olive oil is a great way to add color and nutritional umph to America's favorite starch-packed side dish.","Vibrant Tasty Green Beans","- A favorite green bean recipe - dill, green beans, leeks, salt and olive oil. That's it - five ingredients, one skillet - tasty green beans.","Roasted Delicata Squash Salad","- So tasty! Pretty, scalloped-edged cross-cuts of the delicata squash, a few small potatoes, chopped kale, radishes, Marcona almonds - and a bold miso harissa dressing.","Quinoa Skillet Bread","- If you're ready to switch it up a bit, this is a completely over-the-top alternative to your favorite corn bread recipe. Or, better put - a rustic, minimally structured, custard-topped, crusty-edged, herb-scented corn-quinoa skillet bread.","Vanilla Mashed Sweet Potatoes","- Those of you who are long-time readers are likely tired of hearing out this one - but I love it. Plump vanilla beans, cream, orange zest, and butter are combined with sweet potatoes that have been roasted in the oven. A quick whirl in the food processor produces a smooth, creamy, subtly sweet puree haunted by the delicious vanilla and citrus undertones. The consistency is that of a thick frosting.","Hazelnut & Chard Ravioli Salad","- I made this last year and it makes a great vegetarian main dish. Plump raviolis tossed with toasted hazelnuts, sauteed ribbons of chard, and caramelized onions are at the heart of this ravioli salad recipe. It's finished off with a dusting of cheese, snipped chives, and lemon zest. You can prepare most of the components ahead of time.","Spice-kissed Pumpkin Pie","- Favorite, easy pumpkin pie recipe. Made from a rich, roasted pumpkin and coconut milk base, and baked in a hazelnut-lined crust - delicious!","Yeast-raised Cornbread","- Not your typical cornbread recipe. This is a yeast-leavened corn bread recipe, heavily flecked with kernels of bright yellow corn and generously spiked with chives. Perfect for stuffing and soup-dunking.","Golden-Crusted Brussels Sprouts","- A quick and easy brussels sprouts recipe that will convert the biggest skeptics. Vibrant green, tender brussels sprouts that become deeply golden and crusty where they touch the pan, dusted with cheese.","Shredded Brussels Sprouts & Apples","- Another favorite way to cook brussels sprouts. Shredded brussels sprout ribbons, apples, garlic, pine nuts, and tofu in a skillet with a hint of maple syrup.","Thai-spiced Pumpkin Soup","- This Thai-spiced Pumpkin Soup couldn't be easier to make - roasted winter squash, coconut milk, Thai red curry paste, and sea salt come together in a pot of vibrant, rich, flavorful soup. Total crowd pleaser.","Cornmeal Crunch","- This is what happens when you cook a pot of cornmeal until it is thick and creamy. Add a bit off cheese, some deeply caramelized onions, spread it in a pan, drizzle generously with olive oil and bake until the bottom and sides are deeply golden and crunchy."],"source_url":"http://www.101cookbooks.com/archives/vegetarian-thanksgiving-recipes-recipe.html","recipe_id":"47990","image_url":"http://forkify-api.herokuapp.com/images/vegetarian_thanksgiving_recipesf594.jpg","social_rank":99.99999810317004,"publisher_url":"http://www.101cookbooks.com","title":"Vegetarian Thanksgiving Recipes"}}